ah
we came out played hard I don't like how
we our backups got in and gave a couple
touchdowns but our ones is a good job
coming off a bye week you can either be
a little rusty or you can be ready to go
and fired up but we're ready to go and
take care what we need to do that's what
it's no secret that's what we do I said
our offensive line played pretty well
that came off the ball a little bit
lower than they had and they stayed on
guys already are you don't have to give
our backs a whole lot so I'm proud of
the way we played on offense I thought
our defense we played extremely hard to
we ran on the ball we a lot a lot of big
hits a lot of big plays some guys really
stepped up I feel like we're getting
we're getting better when we're supposed
to I mean this is the yes our eighth
game of the season so we should be
playing our best football in going into
November and and and into the last part
of the season so guys have experienced
now they know what they're doing they're
in shape they're they're used to seeing
whatever they're going to see and and so
we should be getting better and better
as we go on I just just uh I want to
thank are the people who come to our
games we get a lot of people and great
support a lot of people have nothing to
do with the high school they still come
out and support us and it really helps
her guys I think well I'm proud of our
boys you know matt mccoy runs a great
program over there well machining they
have been for years and now we're kind
of just getting started over here and we
squandered for opportunities in the
first half they beat us deep over the
top put the ball in the ground twice
that we didn't get back and then third
and long we had them pinned down here we
gave up the first down on the past those
for opportunities put some up for
touchdowns in the first half they got a
quick one in second half and they are
big and strong up front and said they're
they're a well machine and we're working
on put the boys played really hard
tonight they had some fun and I'm
extremely proud of them we fight back I
I think I that was something we want to
make sure that doesn't happen you know
we've had a few instances in the pet
just this season you know it's losing
the bad habit and and and human nature
to revert back to those things so we got
you know
teenage psyches over there that we got
to constantly be on and and that's why
we kept fighting there in the fourth
quarter I know they're making
substitutions and stuff like that and we
just had to had to keep fighting so that
we can continue to build and get
stronger and and improve every day is a
program whether we're on the bad side on
friday night or not it's still to
another opportunity for us to try to get
better yeah well we gotta we gotta rest
up we got to get a little healthy we're
beat up we've lost a couple offensive
linemen to torn ligaments and stuff like
that so we're trying to find some guys
to step up we got the bye week coming up
an opportunity rest get a little healthy
find some guys and then we got a short
week to get ready for diamond bar and
it'll all be on the line that Thursday
night